COMMENTS
This search was very helpful in understanding the variety of preventive measures for COVID-19. I did search on three different search engines but the most accurate and informative content was found on google (WHO&#039;s main domain). There were some extensive research results published by WHO on their website.

Google was the best as they divided the information into quick little sections for easy reading but they also tailored the result to be relevant to my country unlike, Bing and Duckduckgo whose top results were from CDC.
Results were all generally helpful. Google seemed to provide more government-based sources, such as Health Canada, WHO, and CDC. Bing and Duck Duck Go provided nearly identical results, including a link from Harvard, which I found most useful and informative.
All three search engines had similar results, just that Qwant had the better results listed first. Google&#039;s first result was Wikipedia and DuckDuckGo&#039;s first result was AARP. The results from each site were all helpful you just need to know what the credible sources are, because sometimes the first result isn&#039;t the best result.
I tried searching on Google with filtered dates, but the top answer remained Wikipedia regardless of the usage of tool button. I tried using the date filter on bing and duckduckgo, both of them gave me different answers and they were generated within my filter date limit.

I have used above all search engine and go through many website but one site was common in all search engine and most useful was Wikipedia. The reason is Wikipedia give a brief explanation and prevention of covid 19.
Google has a drop down menu of &amp;quot;Common Questions&amp;quot; that gives you all the information you need to know with having to scroll and search for it on multiple different websites. Everything is easily accessible so there is no difficulty in finding the answers the the questions you are searching for.
Each website provides a very good option but for me google provided me the best answer because google shows some common questions which increases my curiosity to search more on those websites and gather more information which will increase my knowledge also past 24 hours results are shown on the website very well. All the data was properly organized.

DuckDuckgo and Qwant delivered very similar results compared to Google but queries are more specific to the phrase and provide limited information. On the other hand, Google delivers a larger picture of the data and a wide range of information through collected similar search results. 

If we are looking for a specific keyword, then DuckDuckgo and Qwant may help. For wider search and question type search, Google is providing efficient data.

When I searched on the above mentioned search engines, I observed that the first link that automatically showed up was the official website of Government of Canada on all the search engines except for DuckDuckGo. DuckDuckGo provided me with the option to reveal my location and then once I selected that option, it gave me a targeted search result based off my location. This option wasn&#039;t given to me in other search engines which leads me to believe that their results do not generated unbiased information.
Using google showed a quick little paragraph of info that is convenient and quick to read and find answers. That being said, the snippet was taken from a Wikipedia article which is known for being unreliable at times. Although the info seemed correct, I found an article from the first result from both bing and duckduckgo, that compiled a bunch of tips into a list, with different aspects of life as topics.
All three search engines gave the same result, but Google&#039;s result included a snippet of the page relating to the question. All default settings were used
My main conductivity with this search was trying to optimize two factors. The credibility of the source and the practical nature of the source. Credibility has multiple layers attached to it. I went with the main obvious ones in the type of website, authorization, and timing. Timing is a specially significant factor as the virus precautions continue to evolve over time. I found this university faq result was the most balanced option out of the bunch. It was updated recently and it is a university so it&#039;s a credible .org website that would have had to have gone through some checking before being posted to the public. Another factor to consider when conducting the source is its practical nature of it. This &amp;quot;practical nature&amp;quot; I define as the validity of what the source is trying to say. The title in question was &amp;quot;How can I minimize my risk of contracting and transmitting COVID&amp;quot;. Some articles were too niche in their scope only focusing on specific places such as public restrooms or hospitals.  The FAQ might be too generalized but generality is an important factor to consider in talking about a virus as Omicron is everywhere nowadays.  In addition, this source being in a university is an important frame of reference when considering covid protocol. Things naturally get delayed when discussing new policies to implementing them and from my thinking and understanding, a university is a perfect reflection of what policy should reflect. It&#039;s not as adaptable to new changes but would be most applicable to changes with campuses having thousands of students so seeing what a universities stance is on covid is very helpful in knowing what they consider the best methodology of policy changes is when dealing with covid for thousands of students.
I used several search engines and 4 out of the 5 searches had the top link being the government of Canada. When I used duckduckgo I got a study from Harvard that I felt was less reliable than the government of Canada link. Location was turned on and allowed for a more reliable and relevant website.
I chose this link most helpful as Harvard Health Publishing is one of the world&#039;s most renowned institutes. Plus this article was published very recently on January 21, 2022. I considered this link valid as, after searching on each of the search engines, the link from Harvard Health Publishing appeared on the top, as this is also one of the most reviewed articles in the current times.
From my research, I have found from CDC website that to prevent yourself from COVID-19, there are few things that can be affective:
1) get vaccinated
2) wear a mask and
3) keep 6 feet distance

The Government of Canada&#039;s website contains tons of useful information about the prevention and risks of COVID-19. There are also small section of drop down menus with specific subjects which consist of description and links.
while google gave me the link to a wikipedia page, quant and bing gave me link to official government websites, and out of these two I found the bing result closer to what someone would be actually interested in
I found that google and bing were the only search engines that did not have the first result be an ad for Covid information from canada.ca.  I also found that google was the only search engine that recommended the result that I found most useful, at least within the first page of results.
Bing is the only search engine that gave me any sort of results about Omicron on the first page.  I think this is the most helpful because at this point in the pandemic, many people already know how to handle Covid-19, but may not know about how Omicron is different.  This website details how it is different from previous strains, as well as offers good advice to still be very careful with your health.
I found that google was the least helpful which was a surprise because it seems to be the largest search engine in the world. I thought duckduckgo would give the best information because of the security of the search engine and the results were not bad. Bing surprised me the most because it gave the best information to me.
I did the same search using six sites. I am most familiar with Google&#039;s theme because I usually use Google. And there was a cdc link on Google&#039;s first link. Through this site, I could find all the information I wanted. In addition, I was able to find all the information I wanted for this site, and I could know all the information related to COVID-19 because it was a site specializing in COVID-19.
Duckduckgo first FOUR article is about reducing the risk of covid
Qwant first Three article is about reducing the risk of covid
Google first Three article is about reducing the risk of covid and it is organized in a bad way.
Duckduckgo results are much more connected to what it is searching.

All four search engines I used kind of gave the same urls, but duckduckgo gave a full article on how to prevent transmitting covid thoroughly and gave multiple suggestions.

both duckduckgo and ecosia gave me local (Canadian) results at the time while google started with the American CDC and moved into Canadian after a few of those.
I used duckduckgo search engine with safe search set to &amp;quot;moderate&amp;quot; and location disabled and got some useful results that were mostly from the organizations based in the US. When I changed the location to Canada, I got the most helpful result as the first URL.
I got the same most helpful result as a second URL using the Google search engine. 
I got different search results using the Microsoft bing search engine which were less relevant as compared to duckduckgo and google search engines.
Some search result were not what it was supposed to be but a few links down found our answer which deemed the best according to me. Also, CDC is a government agency that was another plus point for me before selecting this link.

Google prioritized the more reputable sources when presenting the search results
It was nice seeing the various kind of information I could see on the search engines and how their results varied and some were similar.`
duckduckgo was nice because it didn&#039;t have ads to distract me from the information that I needed to find
I think google gave me the perfect thing which i was looking for as compared to other websearch engines ...Also attempting this assignment i got to know how to prevent Covid-19 spread and what to do if person is Covid positive etc...It was literally helpful conducting this search.!
The result was really helpful and got some information on how to prevent covid-19 infection for effectively.
Bing and Ecosia both gave almost the same results. Where both of these engines gave the specific answer I was looking for, google gave me all information related to COVID. From its origin, how is it being spread, the effects on the human body, prevention measurements to its current state across the entire world. Therefore, it really depends on an individual how much information they need related to their search. I would personally go for google as I am using it ever since I was a child and I am very familiar with its interface.
Google was better because it provided direct answer to my question without opening any of other websites. The feature it has that appears like a drop down box was really helpful. It answered my questions straight forward and it generated more results as I kept reading.
It was really great experience. However, it was pretty much straightforward like in the google search engine we got an answer but actually, it was from Wikipedia which can be right or wrong, however, it hard to believe sometimes. Furthermore, in the Bing search engine we got the top link of Canadian government link which e all can believe without any hesitation. Duckduckgo was at the third number from my point of view compare to the other two.
Except google, the top two results for both duckduckgo and ecosia were the same for the original question and even after applying some filters. Google provided a wikipedia link both times as the top result. If I want better results with minimal filtering then duckduckgo and ecosia are better. I would rather quickly read guidelines by hardvard because it even had some FAQs instead of reading a wikipedia page on COVID.

The experience was okay like I got more knowledge about how to minimize the risk of contracting and transmitting COVID and OMICRON
DuckDuckGo returned the most helpful result. It might not change my habit of using google search, but now I know that there is more helpful search engines that I can use. So DuckDuckGo and qwant are better than bing and google. Bing and Google often returns general results such as government ads and some research papers.
Through these three times of using the search engine, I found that Bing&#039;s browser gave me the best help. To be honest, I usually use Google Chrome. But when I searched the title &amp;quot;How can I minimize my risk of contracting and transmitting COVID&amp;quot;, he suggested wikipedia, which didn&#039;t solve my problem of how to minimize the damage. Then there is Qwan, which gives information on the hazards of covid and some information, but also does not address the answers to my need to know questions. However, the bing browser gave me 25 tips to reduce my exposure to covid-19 in the first article, and I could intuitively understand what I needed to address. At the same time, the bing browser is simple and atmospheric, reducing the need for me to find it myself.
Easy way to search, just like google, this search engine also has good amount of information. This search also helped me to know how to stay away from Covid-19.
I conducted the search in all the three search engines but found google to be the best one. It gave me the most accurate results from popular and secure sites. The harvard health site was useful to read and understand without any complications.

I found that google was the least helpful as it didn&#039;t give me the answer i was looking for right away just news stories n what been happening with Covid-19 not how to prevent it.
I used a number of plugins to prevent tracking and ads. As a result, the top websites on each search were the same. I said Google gave the best results because they print the top result to the question in the browser so you don&#039;t have to scroll through a website. Wikipedia got the answer from reallycorrect.com which examines a number a credible sources such as the CDC and professional research papers.
I only looked at the first page results but all three search engines gave me useful results. Google was the most useful simply because the very first result was the government of Canada&#039;s official public health services which had a lot of information on COVID and how to minimize the risk it presented.

While conducting this query I was searching for a renowned organization to certify the news. In google, I found that the 2nd URL is about WHO(world health organization) and others like bing I need to scroll a bit down to see the WHO article and duckduckgo and opera I need to add (WHO) in the search bar to see the article ...
I have searched the same question with the listed search engines with default settings from which the google and Bing results were most helpful as unlike Ecosia and Qwant which shows top results on the basis of ads  
whereas the results shown by Bing and Google were based in my current region which might increase the relevancy of the results according to my surrounding. Above of all Google and Bing also shows similar enquiries by different users across the world which drastically broaden up the view point of my research.
The search engine provided thorough instructions on the what we can do to prevent the spread of coronavirus. The website provides the user wit ha list of things that an individual would need to do. It also explains the use of vaccination and its advantages to clear any misinformation regarding it.
Google gave me the most detailed on straight-forward responses. Usually linking me to government health websites on the matter as well as Wikipedia. Bing and DuckDuckGo were good as well and the results were almost identical between the two. However they tended to include more non-official sites that you have to do a little digging on to confirm where they got their information.
I tried to use different search engines and did not get a satisfactory result. I do think that Google Chrome will be the best search engine to search about anything. Google showed me the top links that have common words and could have the result I am looking for.
I was relieved to see that the first option for my primary search engine, Google, was the most relevant and important one in my opinion. I wouldn&#039;t put many other sources, such as the ones that came up first using Bing and Yahoo, above cdc.gov in regards to the ongoing pandemic.
Bing put the Canadian government&#039;s official website as the first search result and divided the information into categories such as how covid is spread and what to do to prevent it.
The second search result is 25 tips on how to prevent it.
Other search engines such as qwant, only placed covid related articles
because the message of Canada government is on the first page in the google
SEARCH ENGINE MOST HELPFUL
Google 20
google 12
duckduckgo 5
Bing 5
Qwant 2
DuckDuckGo 2
bing 2
Duck Duck Go 1
Microsoft Bing 1
In my all three search engine I have seen the Wikipedia site and which is most important for me because It gives me detailed information about covid prevention. 1
google gave me the most helpful answer however bing and duckduckgo also provided me a comparatively good option. 1
qwant 1
duckduckgo and bing both had the same link. 1
Google, bing, microsoft edge, and Yahoo gave the same top result 1
Ecosia 1
ecoasia 1
google and duckduckgo both gave me the same answer, it was a link to the gov of Canada website 1
Bing, Ecosia 1
duckduckgo and ecosia 1
https://duckduckgo.com/ 1
I felt that the search engine that gave me the best answer was Qwant as the first 3 links seem to give a lot of information about Covid-19 and how to prevent it. 1
Google and bing 1
URL MOST HELPFUL
https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection/prevention-risks.html 21
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/prevention.html 11
https://www.aarp.org/health/healthy-living/info-2020/how-to-lower-coronavirus-risk.html 11
https://www.health.harvard.edu/diseases-and-conditions/preventing-the-spread-of-the-coronavirus 6
https://www.who.int/news-room/questions-and-answers/item/coronavirus-disease-covid-19-how-is-it-transmitted 3
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COVID-19#:~:text=Preventive%20measures%20include%20physical%20or,the%20risk%20of%20transmissions. 3
https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/diseases/2019-novel-coronavirus-infection/health-professionals/public-health-measures-mitigate-covid-19.html 2
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COVID-19 1
https://journals.lww.com/joem/_layouts/15/oaks.journals/downloadpdf.aspx 1
https://www.unh.edu/health/covid-19-health-faqs 1
https://health.ucdavis.edu/news/headlines/omicron-10-things-to-know-about-the-very-contagious-covid-19-variant/2022/01 1
https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/advice-for-public/when-and-how-to-use-masks 1
